Sample Code License
Version 1.0

This example code (“Sample Code”) is provided to you for use with HCL 
software and/or services for educational, evaluation and testing purposes.
Your installation, copying, modification or redistribution of this Sample
Code constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions set forth 
below (the “License”). If you do not accept this License you may not 
download, install, copy, modify or redistribute the Sample Code. 

Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, HCL hereby grants to 
you a  non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, license to copy,
modify and redistribute the Sample Code with or without modifications in 
source and/or object code form for use with HCL software or services.  Any 
redistribution of the Sample Code must include a notice that includes 
license terms and disclaimers consistent with those that are included in 
this License. All copyright notices in the Sample Code must be retained and
included on any copies of the Sample Code.

Any third party software provided in or with the Sample Code is licensed 
under its own separate terms (including any open source license terms).

Except for the limited rights expressly granted in this License, HCL 
reserves all rights, title and interest in and to the Sample Code. 

You acknowledge that: (i) all intellectual property rights in the Sample 
Code throughout the world belong to HCL or its licensors, (ii) rights in 
the Sample Code are licensed (not sold) to you, and (iii) you have no 
intellectual property rights in, or to, the Sample Code other than the 
right to use the Sample Code in accordance with the terms of this License.

ANY USE OF THE SAMPLE CODE IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK. THE SAMPLE 
CODE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OR SUPPORT OF ANY KIND. HCL 
DISLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND WHETHER 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SATISFACTORY QUALITY AND
NONINFRINGEMENT.
 
HCL SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES OR 
LOSSES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, 
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR FOR ANY LOSS OF 
DATA, BUSINESS, PROFITS, REVENUE OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, HOWSOEVER CAUSED 
AND WHETHER HCL WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES.
 
This License shall be governed exclusively by the laws of California and 
any dispute arising out of this Agreement shall be subject to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the Courts in California.

© 2021 TEMENOS HEADQUARTERS SA
